Content: Unfettered campaign Act 1 (#6416)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/wanderer/wanderers start.txt

			`All the other worlds belonging to this species have appeared unwilling to let you land, but here you find a slightly warmer welcome. A cloud of small, highly maneuverable patrol ships takes off from the planet as you approach and herds you onto one particular landing pad where, after a few minutes, several of the aliens approach your ship.`
			`	This species is birdlike, but with bodies nearly as large as yours, and with wings that tower above you. They come swooping down from the sky, circle your ship to inspect it, and then land near the hatch and wait for you to open it. They do not appear to be armed, but their talons are eight or nine centimeters long.`
			`	Hesitantly, you open your hatch and greet them. One of the aliens speaks to you: a chirping, clicking noise. You have no idea what it is saying.`
			branch forunfettered
				has "Unfettered: Know Your Enemy: active"
			choice
				`	"Hello. I come in peace."`
				`	"My name is <first>. I am glad to meet you."`
			``
				goto tryunderstand
			label forunfettered

> 			`	It seems like they do not trust you, they are very hesitant to come your way. They probably somehow know you worked with the Unfettered.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	It seems like they do not trust you; they are very hesitant to come your way. They probably somehow know you worked with the Unfettered.`
```

			`All the other worlds belonging to this species have appeared unwilling to let you land, but here you find a slightly warmer welcome. A cloud of small, highly maneuverable patrol ships takes off from the planet as you approach and herds you onto one particular landing pad where, after a few minutes, several of the aliens approach your ship.`
			`	This species is birdlike, but with bodies nearly as large as yours, and with wings that tower above you. They come swooping down from the sky, circle your ship to inspect it, and then land near the hatch and wait for you to open it. They do not appear to be armed, but their talons are eight or nine centimeters long.`
			`	Hesitantly, you open your hatch and greet them. One of the aliens speaks to you: a chirping, clicking noise. You have no idea what it is saying.`
			branch normal
				not "<uhai> 18: Hai Language: active"

> 			`	It seems like they do not trust you; they are very hesitant to come your way. They probably somehow know that you've worked with the Unfettered.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	It seems like they do not trust you; they are very hesitant to come your way. They probably know somehow that you've worked with the Unfettered.`
```

				`	"Sorry, I don't speak their language."`
				`	"Are there any Hai here?"`
			`	The same alien speaks again, pantomiming your ship flying into the sky and then returning, and then points to your airlock and mimics your rodent-ear gesture for the Hai. You think it is telling you to go find one of the Hai who can serve as an interpreter, and bring them back here.`
			branch forunfettered2
				has "Unfettered: Know Your Enemy: active"
			``
				accept
			label forunfettered2

> 			`	You figure you should probably go back to the Unfettered and speak to them about the need for a diplomat, or any way to understand these weird aliens. He Yi should be able to help you with this.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You figure you should probably go back to the Unfettered and speak to them about the need for a diplomat, or any way to understand these aliens. He Yi should be able to help you with this.`
```

				`	"Sorry, I don't speak their language."`
				`	"Are there any Hai here?"`
			`	The same alien speaks again, pantomiming your ship flying into the sky and then returning, and then points to your airlock and mimics your rodent-ear gesture for the Hai. You think it is telling you to go find one of the Hai who can serve as an interpreter, and bring them back here.`

> 			branch fettered
> 				not "<uhai> 18: Hai Language: active"
> 			`	You should probably go back to the Unfettered and speak to them about the need for a diplomat, or any way to understand these aliens. He-Yi should be able to help you with this.`
> 			`	Alternatively, you could go to the Hai and get your translator that way, although He-Yi will probably respect that less.`
> 				decline
> 			label fettered
> 			``

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			branch accept
				not "<uhai> 18: Hai Language: active"
			`	You should probably go back to the Unfettered and speak to them about the need for a diplomat, or any way to understand these aliens. He-Yi should be able to help you with this.`
			`	Alternatively, you could go to the Hai and get your translator that way, although He-Yi will probably respect that less.`
				decline
```
Assuming you need to do this to get the mission to work (something w/ `accept` immediately following a branch), but this is still a little questionable so wanted to flag it. Alternative: name the branch accept (suggested by warp).

Author: I dont think naming the branch accept will do anything

		dialog "There are still Unfettered warships overhead. You should take off again and assist in the fight."
	on complete
		event "Sich'ka'ara restored"
	on enter
		dialog `As you are preparing to engage the Unfettered, one of their ships hails you. "What be a guppy like ye doing this far out to sea? Be ye lost, landlubber? This be yer last chance! Take arms to defend this world against us, and ye will be considered fettered forever. Make yer choice carefully, Captain. I strongly council ye to abort this mission, savvy?"`

> 	on fail

Author: on fail contains on abort
so you could just kill the wand ships if you feel like it or smth like that

		add fleet "Wanderer Defense" 2000

event "unfettered: outcast"
	planet "Firelode"
		remove outfitter "Mera's Lab"
	planet "Darkcloak"
		remove outfitter "Unfettered"
	government "Hai (Unfettered)"
		"bribe" .04
	clear "license: True Unfettered"

mission "Unfettered: Regrets"
	landing
	invisible
	to offer
		not "salary: Unfettered"
		has "Wanderers: Defend Vara Ke'sok: done"
	on offer
		event "unfettered: challengers leave"
	on enter "Ehma Ti" "Wah Yoot" "Hi Yahr"
		event "unfettered: outcast"
		outfit "True Unfettered License"
		dialog
			`The instant you enter the system, you receive a priority message from the local authorities. "<last>, because of your recent involvements with the aliens up north, we have decided to stop offering you important missions."`

> 			`	Since this is a recorded message you cannot respond, but even if you could they would probably just ignore you. This clearly means that your license has no value anymore to them.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Since this is a recorded message you cannot respond, but even if you could they would probably just ignore you. You assume that your Unfettered license no longer has any value to them.`
```

		fail

mission "Unfettered: Betrayed"
	landing
	invisible
	to offer
		has "salary: Unfettered"
		has "Wanderers: Defend Vara Ke'sok: done"
	on offer
		event "unfettered: challengers leave"
	on enter "Hi Yahr" "Wah Yoot" "Ehma Ti"
		fail
	to fail
		or
			has "midas: tracker relay"
			has "flagship model: Modified Shield Beetle"
	on fail
		outfit "True Unfettered License"
		event "unfettered: outcast"
		dialog
			`Once you are alone in your quarters you hear a voice, darker and more serious than ever before. "You have betrayed us. Nemo Me Impune Laccessit, <first>. We have a message to transmit to you on behalf of the council of Chiefs.`

> 			`	"<last>. From now on, you are an outcast. Your history has been erased and your exploits forgotten. You did bring us Jump Drives, however, and we will continue to allow you to do so, but we will do without your help for any more advanced missions. You license also lost all it's meaning, so you may as well toss it."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"<last>. From now on, you are an outcast. Your history has been erased and your exploits forgotten. You did bring us Jump Drives, however, and we will continue to allow you to do so, but we will do without your help for any more advanced missions. Your license is now meaningless, so you may as well toss it."`
```

				`	"Is it possible that they have a hidden base on one of your worlds?"`
				`	"Do you know where they went when you banned them from your space?"`
					goto where
				`	"I'm pretty sure I found one of their old bases."`
					to display
						has "alpha: host found"
					goto oldbase
			`	"No," he says, "It has been two hundred years, and our worlds are populous and overseen with great diligence. Unless they have taken refuge with the Unfettered, they are not in our space."`
			`	"Then where could they have gone?" you ask.`
				goto where
			label oldbase
			action

> 				set "told them the alpha base location"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
				set "told wanderers the alpha base location"
```

				`	"Is it possible that they have a hidden base on one of your worlds?"`
				`	"Do you know where they went when you banned them from your space?"`
					goto where

> 				`	"I am pretty sure I found out one of their old bases."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
				`	"I am pretty sure I found one of their old bases."`
```

				`	"Is it possible that they have a hidden base on one of your worlds?"`
				`	"Do you know where they went when you banned them from your space?"`
					goto where
				`	"I am pretty sure I found one of their old bases."`
					to display
						has "found alpha base"
					goto oldbase
			`	"No," he says, "It has been two hundred years, and our worlds are populous and overseen with great diligence. Unless they have taken refuge with the Unfettered, they are not in our space."`
			`	"Then where could they have gone?" you ask.`
				goto where
			label oldbase
			action
				set "told them the alpha base location"

> 			`	"An old base, you say? They probably no longer operate there anymore then. I would advise against going there again, because it most likely will be trapped."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"An old base, you say? They probably no longer operate there anymore then. I would advise against going there again, because it will most likely have traps."`
```

			has "Wanderers: Alpha Surveillance C (Naughty): done"
	passengers 1
	blocked "You need a bunk free in order to take on this mission."
	substitutions
		"<base found>" "It appears that you have found the Alpha base."
		"<base found>" "You were right all along, this is indeed the Alpha base, right where you said it would be."

> 			has "told them the alpha base location"
> 		"<base found>" "It appears that the base was not as old and abandoned as it had first looked."
> 			not "told them the alpha base location"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			has "told wanderers the alpha base location"
		"<base found>" "It appears that the base is not as old and abandoned as it first seemed."
			not "told wanderers the alpha base location"
```

			has "alpha: host found"
		<guess> `".`

> 		<guess> `". This probably will be the same path as last time.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
		<guess> `". This will probably be the same path as last time.`
```

			has "Wanderers: Alpha Surveillance C (Naughty): done"
	passengers 1
	blocked "You need a bunk free in order to take on this mission."
	substitutions
		"<base found>" "It appears that you have found the Alpha base."
		"<base found>" "You were right all along, this is indeed the Alpha base, right where you said it would be."
			has "told them the alpha base location"

> 		"<base found>" "It appears that the base was not as old and abandonned as it had first looked."

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
		"<base found>" "It appears that the base was not as old and abandoned as it had first looked."
```

Author: Ortho check told me so its already fixed ^^

	source "Avalon"
	to offer
		has "Wanderers: Alpha Surveillance D: active"

> 	substitutions
> 		<sensors> "but your sensors are not able to locate it, and even if you could"
> 		<sensors> "you are able to locate it after some time, however"
> 			"outfit (installed): Value Detector" + "outfit (installed): Research Laboratory" + "outfit (installed): Surveillance Pod" + "ship model: Peregrine" + "ship model: Merganser" > 0
> 		<sensors> "you still know the location from last time, however it is heavily guarded this time,"
> 			has "alpha: host found"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	substitutions
		<sensors> "but your sensors are not able to locate it, and even if you could,"
		<sensors> "you are able to locate it after some time. However,"
			"outfit (installed): Value Detector" + "outfit (installed): Research Laboratory" + "outfit (installed): Surveillance Pod" + "ship model: Peregrine" + "ship model: Merganser" > 0
		<sensors> "you still know the location from last time. However, it is heavily guarded this time, and"
			has "alpha: host found"
```
